# Team Meeting on 2024/02/13
## Meeting Start Time
2024/02/13/6:30pm
## Meeting End Time
2024/02/13/7:03pm
## Location
Discord Meeting
## Present
- Joey Garberick
- Hannah Johnston
- Heidi
## Minute Recorder
- Hannah Johnston
## Topics Discussed 
What we need to do to be successful this next iteration. 
## Things Clarified
What has been done so far on the project 
What we are focusing on, modularity, testing, and new features.
## Tasks Distributed
### Joey
- Testing
- Graph setup
### Heidi
- Graph API 
### Hannah
- Modularity of color changing 





